deps: remove intl polyfill (#12426)
GoogleChrome/lighthouse: readme.md

  * [Can I configure the lighthouse run?](#can-i-configure-the-lighthouse-run)
  * [How does Lighthouse use network throttling, and how can I make it better?](#how-does-lighthouse-use-network-throttling-and-how-can-i-make-it-better)
  * [Are results sent to a remote server?](#are-results-sent-to-a-remote-server)

>   * [How do I get localized Lighthouse results?](#how-do-i-get-localized-lighthouse-results)

Reviewer: bad link

Author: > bad link

haha, how on earth did you notice that :)

thanks!

Nope. Lighthouse runs locally, auditing a page using a local version of the Chrome browser installed on the
machine. Report results are never processed or beaconed to a remote server.

### How do I get localized Lighthouse results via the CLI?

> Starting in Lighthouse 8.0, the `Intl` API is no longer polyfilled. If you're using Node 13 or later there should be no issue because Node is now [built with `full-icu` by default](https://nodejs.medium.com/node-js-12-to-lts-and-node-js-13-is-here-e28d6a4a2bd#9514), but if you're somehow stuck with `small-icu` and see Lighthouse log messages about your locale not being available, you can manually install ICU data by using the [`full-icu`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/full-icu) module and the [`--icu-data-dir` node flag](https://nodejs.org/api/intl.html#intl_providing_icu_data_at_runtime) at launch.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Starting in Lighthouse 8.0, Lighthouse relies entirely on native `Intl` support and no longer uses an `Intl` polyfill. If you're using Node 13 or later, there should be no issue because Node is now [built with `full-icu` by default](https://nodejs.medium.com/node-js-12-to-lts-and-node-js-13-is-here-e28d6a4a2bd#9514). 

However, if you're using Node 12 (when `small-icu` was the default) or another `small-icu` situation, you may see Lighthouse log messages about your locale not being available. To remedy this, you can upgrade to Node 14+ or manually install ICU data by using the [`full-icu`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/full-icu) module and the [`--icu-data-dir` node flag](https://nodejs.org/api/intl.html#intl_providing_icu_data_at_runtime) at launch.
```
